gh-95235: Document undocumented parameters in sqlite3 functions and methods (#95236)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sqlite3.rst

   .. method:: load_extension(path, /)

      Load an SQLite extension from a shared library located at *path*.

>       Enable extension loading with :meth:`enable_load_extension` before using
>       this API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Enable extension loading with :meth:`enable_load_extension` before
      calling this method.
```

I think we can be a little more specific here, no?

   .. method:: execute(sql, parameters=(), /)

      Execute SQL statement *sql*.
      Bind values to the statement using :ref:`placeholders

>       <sqlite3-placeholders>` that map to the parameters in *parameters*.

Reviewer: This is better, I'm still not entirely certain what form ``parameters`` should take. Just guessing, but is it a tuple (or collection) of strings? Or something else?

Author: Well, it can be a sequence or a dict. The params ref all explain this. I'll rewrite it to be more explicit.

Author: Addressed in 856a0beb3cd145b4735caccc8f9ac2b8f811a0f5.

   .. method:: executescript(sql_script, /)

>       Execute the multiple SQL statements in *sql_script*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Execute the SQL statements in *sql_script*.
```

"Multiple" sounds somewhat strange and confusing to me here, and given "statements" is already plural it seems it can just be elided, no?
